CNV#50448: workaround KCS link for storage LM (#84312)
openshift/openshift-docs: virt/release_notes/virt-4-17-release-notes.adoc

//CNV-40183 Release note: Tech preview for storage class migration
* You can now migrate storage classes for running and stopped VMs.
+
[NOTE]
====

> Storage live migration is not enabled by default in the `HyperConverged` CR. To enable the required feature gates, follow the workaround documented in link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7089972[Enable storage live migration in {VirtProductName} 4.17] in the Red{nbsp}Hat knowledge base.

Reviewer: Not actually defined in this assembly
```suggestion
Storage live migration is not enabled by default in the `HyperConverged` custom resource. To enable the required feature gates, follow the workaround documented in link:https://access.redhat.com/solutions/7089972[Enable storage live migration in {VirtProductName} 4.17] in the Red{nbsp}Hat knowledge base.
```
